Dreams  Rabindranath Tagore

I don't know what your dream is. I don't care how disappointing it might have been, as you've been working toward that dream. That dream that you are holding in your mind is possible. Some of you already know that is hard. It's not easy. 

It's hard to change your life. In the process of working on your dreams, you're going to encounter a lot of disappointment, a lot of failure, a lot of pain and the moments when you're going to doubt yourselves.

You may ask god "why, why this happening to me. I am just trying to take care of my children and my mother. Am I trying to steal or rob from anybody? How does this have happened to me?"

For those of you that have experienced some hardships, don't give up for your dream. There are right times on the way to have come, but they have not come to be seen, they have come to be past.

Uniqueness is not this wonderful as all tell it delusive. Gods like featuring in that. Only the special among us are will ever take in something that truly exists in all of us.

It's very important for you to believe that you are the one. Most people they raise their family, they earn their living and then they die. They stop growing. They stop working on themselves. They stop stretching. They stop pushing themselves. 

That a lot of people like to complain but they don't want to do anything about their situation. And most people don't work on their dreams. Why? One is because of the fear, the fear of failure. 

What if things don't work out? And the fear of success, what if they do and I can't handle it. These are not risk takers.

You have spent so much time with other people. You spent so much time channel. You get other people to like you. You know other people more than you know yourselves. You study them. You know about them. You want to hang out like them. 

You want to be just like them. And you know what? Even better so much time and man, you don't know who you are. I challenge you should spend time by yourselves.
